{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red89\green89\blue89;\red126\green151\blue173;\red0\green176\blue80;\red204\green204\blue204;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb40\kerning20\f0\fs20 10th of sherif street, AlTaawon, ElHaram\par
Giza, 02\par
\cf1\kerning0\fs18 Tel: 37411781(Home), 010-21892646 (Mobile)\cf2\kerning20\par
\cf1\kerning0 Email: Abdulrahmanalmowafy44@gmail.com\cf3\kerning20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf4\lang9\kerning0\b\fs22\par
* summary / Professional Summary\par
\cf0\b0 full-stack software developer with 3 years professional experience. customer oriented and result driven. I excel at developing quality software systems solutions that scale up nicely, meet performance and quality metrics with code that follows best practices and conventions.\par
\b * core competences / Core Qualifications / skill highlights (experienced in) / skills\par
\b0\tab - Web Development\par
\tab - Desktop Apps Development\par
\tab - Experience with portals, CMS, online stores and ERP systems\par
\tab ~\par
\tab - ood and clean testable code.\par
\tab - Analytical thinker with creative mind that models real world systems and problems into programs.\par
\tab - ability to participate in meetings and provide valuable visions, insights on a problem.\par
\tab - detail oriented\par
\tab - solid understanding of database design and modeling.\par
\tab - classes modeling and ddd.\par
\tab - good ownership shit\par
\tab - fast learner and shit\par
\b * work experience / experience / employment\par
\b0 - ASI\par
   * Responsiblities\par
\tab [[broad view]]\par
\tab - developing, maintaining and deploying company's enternal services and systems. (Timing, ERP)\par
\tab - developing and maintaining companys websites\par
\tab - developing and maintaining company's online portals (shipping portals and shit)\par
\tab [[detailed view]]\par
\tab - Timing project\par
\tab - ASI Portal\par
\tab - TSN Portal\par
\tab - ERP\par
\tab - TSN Key\par
   * Achievements\par
\par
Roles:\par
>> Developing and maintaining all the company's internal IT systems, such as its Accountability/ Timing system, Task Manager system, ERP system and Employees Portal.\par
>> Developing and maintaining the company's website, including their Online Business Brochures and Products Portals.\par
>> Developing and maintaining the steelnetwork.com web app, for our sister company, TSN which manufactures and distributes steel structure along the US and Canada.\par
The website features online catalog for all its steel products, Business Intelligence and reporting tools for the company's clients and an e-commerce portal for purchasing products, including inventory management and fully automated shipping management. All of which is configured and managed through an Admin area.\par
\par
\i Achievements\i0\par
>> Took the responsibility of revamping the steelnetwork.com website theme. Transforming it from old non-responsive theme, to modern, fully-responsive theme using HTML and CSS best practices that keeps SEO and browser compatibility in mind. Also fixing rendering bugs and JavaScript errors.\par
>> Contributed in all development stages of implementing the e-commerce module of the TSN Portal.\par
>> Contributed in revamping and refactoring the whole TSN Portal project from legacy, non-maintainable codebase, to a newer one that is maintainable and conforms to OOD principles and software engineering best practices, in addition to upgrading all of its frameworks and libraries.\par
>> Contributed in all stages of re-designing the TSN Portal's database to adhere to database design principles. This included design, implementation and data migration stages.\par
>> Helped in maintaining the projects TSN portal, ASI portal, company's timing & accountability and company's internal services.\par
~~~\par
>> Created the Job Application section in TSN Portal; a multi-screen, adaptive, responsive form that allows online job applicants, to fill out their data.\par
>> Developed Unit and integration tests for my work and legacy code.\par
>> Developed and maintained various mini business-intelligence apps, such as: Freight Calculator, automated Price and Cuttoff printouts development and importing excel files into database storage.\par
\par
- intern at IBM\par
\pard\li720\cf2\lang1033 Training and working as a Siebel CRM developer.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\lang9 - sales agent for quad solutions\par
\pard\li720\cf2\lang1033 Working an 8- hour shift at the \ldblquote U.S and Canada team\rdblquote , calling businesses abroad and offering our services.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\lang9\par
\par
\cf5\b * education\par
\pard\sb40\lang1033\kerning20\b0 Bachelor degree in Biomedical Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Cairo University.\par
\pard\keep\keepn\s2\sb40\sl288\slmult1\caps\line graduation year: 2015\par
\pard\sb40\caps0 Graduation Grade: \b Good\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Graduation Project Grade: \b Excellent\b0 .\par
\lang9\kerning0\b * Professional Certification\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb40\lang1033\kerning20\b0\'b7\tab\b Mobile App Launchpad \endash  Google\fs20\par
\pard\li720\sb40\b0\fs22 A Google-sponsored scholarship that enables developers to participate in a comprehensive program that offers Android Development training, invests in innovation and entrepreneurship and helps advance their careers.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb40\qj\'b7\tab\b Developing Android Apps \endash  Udacity\par
\pard\li720\sb40\b0 Graduated course: Developing Android Apps, offered by Udacity, and completed the course project (Popular Movies App).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\kerning0\'b7\tab\b Kasr El-Aini Training\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning20\b0\tab Observing and learning about biomedical engineering devices maintenance and calibration.\cf2\par
\cf0\lang9\kerning0\b\par
*Technical Skills\par
programming languages => \b0\par
\tab C, C#, PHP, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, Html, CSS, LESS, SQL, MySQL, Python, Assembly for Intel 51, Matlab, VHDL\b\par
frameworks and libraries => \par
\tab\b0 .NET, .NET Core, ASP.NET (Web Forms, MVC and Web API), WordPress, Magento, JQuery, Bootstrap, NodeJs, Android and Android SDK, expressJs, AngularJs, Angular, Arduino, Entity Framework\b\par
technologies and protocols => \par
\tab\b0 MVC, AJAX, Web Services, JSON, XML, REST Services, Web Sockets, Cloud, HTTP, Regex, TCP/IP, DevOps, Async Programming, Pallarel Programming, Unit tests\b\par
tools and IDEs =>\par
\tab\b0 Visual Studio, TFS, Git, Sql Server, NetBeans, Android Studio, Docker, Azure, Google Cloud, NuGet, NPM, Composer, ido(Python), Chrome Developer Tools, Fiddler\b\par
\b0 ~ the (non-programmer) shit\par
\tab Windows, Linux, Web Hosting, FTP Clients, Apache, MarkDown\par
\tab Embedded Systems\par
\b *Strengths (soft skills)\par
\cf4 *Other\par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trrh1181\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx1761\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2086\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx10128\pard\intbl\s1\sb40\sa160\sl288\slmult1\cf3\lang1033\kerning20\b0\caps\fs21 languages \cell\pard\intbl\sb40\sa160\sl288\slmult1\cf2\caps0\fs20\cell\pard\intbl\sb40\cf0\kerning0\b\caps\fs22\par
\kerning20\b0\caps0\fs24 Native Arabic Speaker. \par
\fs22 Fluently speaking and writing English.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trrh1181\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx1771\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2096\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx10138\pard\intbl\s1\sb40\sa160\sl288\slmult1\cf3\caps\fs21 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION\cell\pard\intbl\sb40\sa160\sl288\slmult1\cf2\caps0\fs20\cell\pard\intbl\sb40\cf0\kerning0\b\caps\fs22\par
\kerning20\b0\caps0\fs24\par
\fs22 Date of Birth: December 7, 1992.\par
Place of Birth: Saudi Arabia \endash  al-Madinah al-Monawara.\par
Nationality: Egyptian.\par
Military Service: \b Exempted\b0 . \par
\pard\intbl\li720\kerning0\fs24\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf4\lang9\b\fs22\par
\cf0\b0 interests:\par
biking, hiking, reading, computers and movies.\par
volunteer work:\par
\cf2\lang1033\kerning20\b\fs20 Translated some articles, for a book (Noor Elshams), from English to Arabic\par
member of the coursera english to arabic translation group.\cf0\lang9\kerning0\b0\fs22\par
}
 